~~INTERFACE FOR SEARCHING THROUGH PARSED JSON OF GECKO CODES: https://codepen.io/JazzerThighs/pen/xxmwypy~~

Beginner project for learning Rust (ChatGPT wrote it lmao): geckodoodad

*Goal: Extract all of the gecko codes from a text file and compile them, adding categorization based on mem-address references.

The largest collection of gecko codes is @ https://wiki.supercombo.gg/w/SSBM/Gecko_Codes

Regular Expressions curtesy of @ribbanya:
https://github.com/MeleeWorkshop/wiki2gecko <= Being used as a general guide

Inside ```fn extract_opcode_and_address```, there is a ```match``` statement containing all of the opcodes that are detected when trying to find a memory address reference inside a gecko code.

NOTE: When updating the raw .md file from the Wiki, use ```Shift```+```Tab``` on the whole document to remove the leading whitespace from every line of text.


_____________


There's 3 files in the Repo that are generated by running the executable (which I've already done  and just saved the results in the repo itself):

```RawUnfilteredGeckoCodes.json``` is just a list of every code found on the source page, raw and unsorted. Just an extraction.

```DuplicateAddresses.md``` contains every individual memory address which is affected by every code; Beneath every address is a list of codes that affect that particular address.

```ConsolidatedAddresses.md``` takes the previous file and groups together lists of >1 Codes that share 1 or more altered addresses. In this file, only addresses that are altered by more than 1 Gecko Code are listed, so there are no 1Code=1Address entries; In other words, if an address doesn't appear in this file, it's either not touched by any Gecko Codes, or there is only 1 unique Gecko Code that touches it.
